{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 - When the sequence rows are set over the network - don't send a message back to the iapProj. the seqRow values in the IAP prom are set on the way out. Maybe this is not a good idea...\
\
\
- the sequence page does not reset when a new connection is made: From Davd C "Aserve feature"\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 "something spotted by a student:  If you use the mouse to set the Bit Representation in Aserve before the client program runs, then Aserve retains the visual representation after the connection is made, but does not update the client.  Thus aserveGetSequenceRow() returns 0 until a box is clicked.  I guess the simplest answer would be to reset the Bit Representation in Aserve when the connection is made, as well as when the connection is terminated.  Alternatively you could send the current state of the Bit Representation to the client when the connection is first established:  That might also allow you to avoid blanking the data on termination, such that next time the connection is made it is not necessary to set up the bits again with the mouse."\
\
\
I was trying to put together an aftertouch-to-amplitude variation exercise for the students today, to allow manual tremolo-type effects.  Unfortunately it was very crackly, so I went for aftertouch-to-pitch where the value jumps are less apparent.  It might be possible to fix this by putting a few milliseconds of smoothing at the server end on frequency and amplitude parameter values for aserveOscillator() calls.  I think that it is worth putting on the possible improvements list.\
\
Add a function to return the path to the desktop?\
}